# Repository app

The  main  objective  of  this  project  is  to developan  app  that  is  able  to  Provide  educational resources of various types, for examplebooks, articles, applications, student work, monographs, reports; Allow adding new types of resources and new resources; Have the resources classified by year, type, theme, ... (use of hashtags or a classification taxonomy);Allow a user to make a Post  about  a  resource;Allow  other  users  to  comment  on  Posts;Create  a  ranking  system  for resources (attribution of stars by users);And what the imagination dictates ...At  the  end  of  the  project, a  report  must  be  submitted  in  which  all  the  work  carried  out  is described, as well as all documents from it, including the code and any extra document used.

Here we have a responsive  website usingbootstrap  and  w3.css  frameworks,running  on  Node.js server,connected to MongoDb database. First  page  you’ll  be  redirected  to  the  News  page,  where  you  can  see displayedthe  new submission users made ordered by last submission created to first. It’s just a informative page, but if the user feels the need to look in detail he can be redirected to the submission page by clicking “Show submission”. Any user can visualize this page, logged in or not. After  the  News  page  we  advice the  user  to performthe  login,  the  user  can  login through his account, Sign in with Facebook or Sign in with Google+, we created authentification with npm module password, google auth and FB auth. If the user doesn’t have an account he can register a new one by filling a form where he’ll describe his name, coursehe’s in, email, username and password. Every new user has its level automaticallyregisted as a user, althought we have 3 levels of access, admin, owner and consumer, last two are integrated in the user level. After the registration or login the user will be redirected to the resources page where we can see all the submissions made by the users. In this page the user can search/filter any submission by type (book, article, application, report, studentwork, monographs) or even by hashtags.If the user wants to publish a new resource he can upload a new file by clicking the plus sign, if he’s logged in he will be redirected to a new page where he can describe all information about the resource he’ll add. The user must declare the Title, Subtitle, Hashtags, Type, Date of Creation and Upload the File to add a new resource. The files are uploaded using multer and can have the following formats:'.TXT','.PNG','.JPG','.PDF','.txt','.png','.jpg','.pdf', making that the package structure is checked against the manifest. After adding a new resource the user will be redirected to the resource page itself where he can see all the information available. This information can be viewed by every user logged in or not, but just a logged user can interact with the page. In  this  page  the  user  that  created  the  resource  can  edit  or  delete  the  submission,  we  used MethodOverride middlewareto develop this functionality. Any logged in user cannot edit or delete but can, along with the creator, download the file, leave a rating to 5 stars using a ranking system, add a new post and even comment on those posts.
4To improve the User Experience we also add to the website a “my resources” page where an user can find all his submissions without needing to look for them among the rest.The user can also check his profile in “my profile” page where he can view and edit his information if needed. If  the  user  is  an  admin  he  can  view  the  listof  users  present  in  the  platform,  this  page  is exclusivelyfor the admin and no other type of user can access this page. In this page it shows all the information about the userslike their username, name, course, email and level.

## Future

For future goals we would like to add na option to add new types of resources so the user hasmore freedom on his submissionandwe would like to add a pdf reader and jpg previewer so any user could preview the file that was uploaded making it a better User Experience overall. Some ideas we wanted to implemente was the tokens and the sessions for each user, we think that would have brought more value to the website and making it safer nevertheless.We were planning to add more features for exemple a like and dislike, to complement the rating system, add some effects and animation on our design to break a clean, but minimalistic User Interface. Our goal is to implement a “user favourite resources” where it would show the most liked resource of the day, week or month.Pagination is a big step of progress we want to develop making the it show for example just 20 resources per page and finally add a feature of drag and drop to upload files.